Kenshin is really you
Miss Rong, you are an extraordinary eloquence
What an eye-opener
Sister Yan, I did all this for you
You don't think my character is like this
You know
I was forced to do all this
Miss Long
I don't seem to know you that well
As for your character
I'm not there at all
You can find a marriage partner who is more suitable for you
Chu Eyes
What are you doing on TV
In order not to put him in danger
I absolutely can't say things
I just want to come and see
A wealth that doesn't want money
Make me lose face
If you give money, you'd better accept it
It's me who has no identity background
Not like the eldest lady of the Rong family to make you gain face
But I don't think you like him very much, Mr. Zhou
Then what is the purpose of you and him
You asked me if I like her
Are you jealous?